---
title: "Osu India Winter Tournament 2020"
date: 2021-02-27T21:13:18+11:00
featured_image: "/osu_tourneys/oiwt20210.png"
---

1st 🥇
-----------
<!--more-->
Very first badge on my profile! Hooly this tournament was nerve wracking. I got off to a pretty good start, getting #1 seed in qualifiers, but I knew I would have to practice consistently this time. Groups went alright, and so did the beginnning of the main stage. Me vs Aeroal was pretty tight, he performed really well (I think he FCed a hr which potla and napoli broke on). Eventually I wound up facing poke, which was where my nerves started to kick in. Despite shaking terribly on some maps, I got a bit lucky and managed to take this one 6-4. I then went on to face Potla in the finals, who was having offset issues during our match XD so I took it 6-2. I was now in the winners bracket in grand finals. I made it a point to myself to not get complacent this time so I did grind the pool really hard, which, in the end might have actually been my saving grace. I was up against Poke again in grand finals. Poke won the first match 7-3. I knew I underperformed on both the hr picks, which is why I didnt really change my bans the next match. The second match I managed to take both hrs and I think it ended up tied at 5-5. The only two maps left was a hidden and NM1 (yikes). I think I barely managed to win the hidden map and somehow managed to nearly fc NM1. Im really happy with how I performed especially in the bracket reset match.

> [Forum Post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1203171?n=1)
